docs/好书推荐.md, before:

# 好书推荐
由于本人兴趣偏向于系统方向，推荐的相关书籍也多是这个方向，因此不喜轻喷。

另外由于版权原因，下面列举的图书中除了开源书籍提供了链接，其他的资源请大家自行通过[libgen](http://libgen.is/)查找。
## 系统入门
- Principles of Computer System Design: An Introduction
- Computer Systems: A Programmer's Perspective
## 操作系统
- [Operating Systems: Three Easy Pieces](https://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~remzi/OSTEP/)
- Operating Systems: Principles and Practice (2nd Edition)
## 计算机网络
- [Computer Networks: A Systems Approach](https://book.systemsapproach.org/foreword.html)
- Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach
## 编译原理
- [My First Language Frontend with LLVM Tutorial](https://llvm.org/docs/tutorial/MyFirstLanguageFrontend/index.html)
- 龙书
## 计算机语言（PL）
- Essentials of Programming Languages (EOPL)
- Types and Programming Languages (TAPL) (https://www.cis.upenn.edu/~bcpierce/tapl/)
## 体系结构
- Computer Architecture: A Quantitative Approach 5th Edition
## 分布式系统
- [Patterns of Distributed System](https://github.com/dreamhead/patterns-of-distributed-systems)
- [Distributed Systems for fun and profit](http://book.mixu.net/distsys/index.html)
## 数据密集型系统设计
- Designing Data-Intensive Applications: The Big Ideas Behind Reliable, Scalable, and Maintainable Systems ([开源中文翻译](https://github.com/Vonng/ddia))
## 密码学
- Cryptography Engineering: Design Principles and Practical Applications
## 数据库系统
- Database System Concepts
## 计算机图形学
- Fundamentals of Computer Graphics

Commit message:

fix typo && add book to recommendation lists

docs/好书推荐.md, after:

# 好书推荐
由于本人兴趣偏向于系统方向，推荐的相关书籍也多是这个方向，因此不喜轻喷。

另外由于版权原因，下面列举的图书中除了开源书籍提供了链接，其他的资源请大家自行通过[libgen](http://libgen.is/)查找。
## 系统入门
- Principles of Computer System Design: An Introduction
- Computer Systems: A Programmer's Perspective
## 操作系统
- [Operating Systems: Three Easy Pieces](https://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~remzi/OSTEP/)
- Operating Systems: Principles and Practice (2nd Edition)
- [现代操作系统: 原理与实现 (银杏书)](https://ipads.se.sjtu.edu.cn/mospi/)
## 计算机网络
- [Computer Networks: A Systems Approach](https://book.systemsapproach.org/foreword.html)
- Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach
## 编译原理
- [My First Language Frontend with LLVM Tutorial](https://llvm.org/docs/tutorial/MyFirstLanguageFrontend/index.html)
- Compilers: Principles, Techniques, and Tools (Dragon Book)
## 计算机语言（PL）
- Essentials of Programming Languages (EOPL)
- [Types and Programming Languages (TAPL)](https://www.cis.upenn.edu/~bcpierce/tapl/)
## 体系结构
- Computer Architecture: A Quantitative Approach 5th Edition
## 分布式系统
- [Patterns of Distributed System](https://github.com/dreamhead/patterns-of-distributed-systems)
- [Distributed Systems for fun and profit](http://book.mixu.net/distsys/index.html)
## 数据密集型系统设计
- Designing Data-Intensive Applications: The Big Ideas Behind Reliable, Scalable, and Maintainable Systems ([开源中文翻译](https://github.com/Vonng/ddia))
## 密码学
- Cryptography Engineering: Design Principles and Practical Applications
## 数据库系统
- Database System Concepts
## 计算机图形学
- Fundamentals of Computer Graphics
